In the last lectures, I had a look at the platform API, a super important API which allows you to render
different things, whatever you want, depending on the platform you're running on.
Now I mentioned on the slide that the alternative is to load different apps or layouts from your index.ios
and index.android.js files
What we do here and what you will see in quite a lot of apps is that we actually load the same entry
point, we just load the app file and in the app file,
we start our single screen app but theoretically of course, you could load totally different apps and
I just wanted to highlight this. The code in these two files doesn't have to be the same,
it might be but doesn't have to be
and if you had very different layouts, very different apps and still somehow want to have them in the
same project, you can use these different entry points to start different routes
and of course you're still in the same project,
so you still can reuse components across platforms.
So the sky's the limit
or your imagination is the limit,
definitely use these tools to create an app that is as engaging as possible for the users using your
app.